# Registration_Page-using-Automata_Theory
The layout of Registration Page is implemented using pyformlang

Abstract: The study of abstract machines and automata, as well as the computational problems that they may solve, is known as automata theory. It is a theory in computer science. The primary applications of automata is in the design of lexical analysers, which are an essential component of compilers. Any programme in a computer follows the principle of automata. Designing registration pages for diverse websites necessitates that programmers develop and implement the pages as planned. This study is an effort to understand the usage of automata in web applications for registration pages. ‘pyformlang’, which is a built-in library is used to connect the states with transitions. Designing the automata using pyformlang, which is easy to code is simple rather than any other tool. Here, the Non-Deterministic Finite Automata (NFA) is used to display whether the input string is accepted or rejected for avoiding the ambiguity of the user details in registration pages. The Regular Expression is an automaton which is used to check whether the chosen option has services or not.

Overview: 
The use of automata theory makes it easier to create web application sites such as registration pages. Automata theory is used to tackle complicated issues. Computational and automata tools may play an important role in the design and development of web applications. Automata theory is simple to understand, and with its assistance, we can assess if the input strings are accepted or rejected. An automaton is a machine that is programmed to perform a set of actions or respond to commands automatically.
The NFA automata is designed in this project where it assesses the input and displays the output as accepted or rejected based on the constraints/instructions given to automata. 
The UI is designed using streamlit library in python language, where it consists of 3 stages and each stage has different levels. The 1st stage has 3 levels whereas 2nd stage has 2 levels and 3rdstage has 1 level. The 1st level in stage 1 is a Basic Details form which consists of various attributes like First Name, Last Name, Age, DOB and Gender. The 2nd level in stage 1 is Education and Occupation has attributes like Email, Qualification and Profession. The 3rd level in stage 1 is Locality Address form consists of Country, State, Pincode and address. The 1st level in stage 2 is a phone number form where a country code is mandatory to define and a column for mobile number and a recovery mobile number. The 2nd level in stage 2 is password form where a column for password entry is displayed. And the last stage, which is stage 3 is a confirm password form consists of a column for re-entry of password to confirm. 
